# Implementation

This repo includes a forkpipe program in C Creates two processes (children) by calling the fork function. Below I call the first created process GEN, the second NSD. The original (main) process is referred to as MAIN. 
It connects these children with a pipe (pipe and dup2 functions) so that the GEN standard output is connected to the NSD standard input.
It then waits for 5 seconds by calling sleep(5).
It then sends a SIGTERM signal to the GEN process, which causes both children to terminate.
GEN will terminate by handling the signal. NSD should then terminate automatically as well, as the GEN OS closes the pipe when it terminates, and NSD is programmed to terminate when standard input is closed. 
It will then wait for the GEN and NSD processes to finish (e.g. using the wait function).
If any of the children ended up with an error (return code != 0), it writes the line “ERROR” to the standard output and ends with a return code of 1, otherwise it writes the same line “OK” and ends with the code 0.
If any system call returns an error, the current process immediately exits with a return code of 2.
GEN will print lines containing two space-separated random numbers generated by the rand() function (eg printf(“%d %d\n”, rand(), rand())) to standard output.
Between listing lines, GEN will wait one second by calling sleep(1).
GEN will respond to the SIGTERM signal. When this signal is sent, GEN prints the line “GEN TERMINATED” to standard error output and exits with a return code of 0.
NSD calls the execl function after creation to start executing the nsd program (see below). No other process should call execl.

# Makefile

When run with no parameters, make will compile forkpipe program and the greatest common divisor nsd program, download the source codes from nsd.tgz. The program places both binaries in the same directory as the Makefile.
When changing any source file, make only recompiles files that are generated from that file (either directly or indirectly). Other generated files will not be changed.
It always passes the -Wall option to the C/C++ compiler, which causes useful warnings to be printed, as well as options in the EXTRA_CFLAGS variable, which is empty by default
